---
layout: post
title: Welcome to my first Blog
description: My First Blog ever
date: 2021-01-13
hero_image: /img/Welcome/welcome.jpeg
hero_height: is-medium
hero_darken: true
image: /img/Welcome/welcome.jpeg
tags: Welcome Blog Blogger First
canonical_url: https://www.indranilm256.github.io/2021/01/13/Welcome.html
---

## Well.. Hello there!

Hello there friends of the goodwill! Welcome to my first blog post. I'm Indranil and a current undergrad student of IIT Kanpur. I hail from West Bengal, India. I got the best education in my college and made great friends there. Living away from my home made me more independent and I tried to understand the world abroad. 

## Why I start my blog
Since the beginnning of the _Corona Pandemic_, it has been real monotonous schedule in the routine of a student. Wouldn't it be something if there was a way to spice things up? Well here I am trying to start blogging since it is a pretty fun activity to do. I realized all of the benefits that blogging can bring and decided to start blogs to express myself in a more profound way. 

## What can you expect from more of my posts
Since this more of a venture than an endeavour, the contents might vastly vary from my hobbies to some random stuff I do in Software Development as well as some of the hackathons I attend. For example, I recently participated in __MLH__ hackathon New Year New Hack, so I might post sharing my experiences. Also I love reading astronomy so expect a lot of content from there! 

I am no prolific writer, hence I'll try to keep the contents simple. I feel it'll be an embarrassing journey so bear with me if I tend to invent new words or any spelling mistakes occur. Also please feel free to share any advice or suggestions.

## Hope to see you soon stranger
With that I'll say goodbye for now. Hope to see more of you along my journey.


